Only health insurance is not sufficient. It is
very important for you to take a critical illness plan along with health insurance
so that you will understand what kind of
coverage this critical illness plan provides and
how important it is for you and your family.
[Music]
[Praise]
Hello friends, today I have brought for you a very amazing
video. The
company whose name is IIC Lombard has a
critical illness plan named
Critical Crit Shield. It is an amazing
plan. Friends, today I
would request all of you to please watch this video
till the end. In this video you will
get all the powers and energy in which you will understand that
only health insurance is
not sufficient. It is very important for you to
take a critical illness plan along with health insurance so that
you will understand what kind of
coverage this critical illness plan provides and
how important it is for you and your family. I
request all of you with folded hands, do not forget to
subscribe to my channel, share, comment
and press my bell icon.  If you click,
you will keep getting all the latest updates. The
name of the plan is Crit Shield
and what will be covered under this Crit Shield plan,
how many illnesses will be covered, let
us understand this in detail. My name is
Yogendra Verma, I am a patient by profession, a
chartered accountant, I have been
in this industry for the last 28 years and I help people a lot in
suggesting the right plan to them, I will
guide them quickly.
Friends, this plan,
named Crit Shield, covers 92 critical illnesses. It has
four variants.
This plan comes under these four variants. First,
your cancer care number, two cardiac care
number, three cancer plus cardiac care number
for comprehensive care.
You can take this plan in these four variants. The last
option I told you is comprehensive care,
everything is covered in it, which is a very big, very
genuine and genuine benefit. I will
tell you one by one in this. First, if I
talk about cancer care, your cancer
critical illness will cover four major critical
illnesses and one minor illness will be covered under
this plan.  Inside the total overall plan, there are five
diseases which are covered
and what are the five diseases,
number one is cancer, number two is cardiac
care, number three is your major organ, number four is
your nervous system and number five is other illness, all
these five diseases are covered under this policy
whose total confession is 92 diseases
which will be inbuilt cover, inside this plan
you will get restore benefit, PA cover
and along with that there are multiple features inside the PA cover, there will be
accidental death,
PTD, permanent total
disability, permanent partial disability,
you will get to use these inbuilt features here, let me
explain for your knowledge, inside this plan you will also get three riders here
which are very important, the
riders which you should not miss, first of all
understand that the critical illness plan is a
benefit plan, friends, benefit plans are
those in which you
get a lump sum money only on diagnosis of a disease, whenever
someone gets a critical illness then he  The
complete bed dress will be
used in the process of complete hospitalization and complete treatment
and not only that, his entire family will be involved
in his care. Friends, the critical
illness plan will provide you such a huge
financial help at that time which no other friend,
any other relative or friend can provide to you
and that is why the critical illness plan should be taken for as long as possible
because it provides genuine help in your emergency
and that is why people take the critical illness
plan for as long as possible
which will be
very helpful for you and your family. One should never take a single type
of option, a critical illness option for just one disease in
which all types of critical illnesses are covered
under a comprehensive plan as if everything
is covered, then you should take that plan
which will be my pure suggestion to you, so I was
explaining to you different options, number one
here if someone chooses the cancer option,
takes a plan only for cancer, then whatever
illnesses there are related to cancer, if they are major illnesses then
100% and if they are minor illnesses
then 25%  But you will get it at the same time. Zero day
survival period is available here which is
very important. Zero day survival
means that if you get a disease and die on the spot, then you will get the
lump sum money at the same time.
But if you have taken a plan of any other company
where survival period of 15 days to 30 days is
mandatory, then
after getting the disease, you will have to survive for at least 15 days to 30 days, only then
you will get the lump sum money.
Such plans are not useful,
friends, this is the best opportunity, this is the best
working.
There is zero day survival in the ICC Lombard plan and the
initial waiting period for any critical illness is
90 days, whether you take cancer or
cardiac or comprehensive or
cancer plus cardiac, there will be a
minimum initial waiting period of 90 days for all. There will be
no claim for any critical illness for the first 90 days and if someone
already has any  If he has also suffered from a critical illness,
he will not get this plan.
This plan is available only for those people who are fit and fine today. If someone feels
that there are more chances of cancer and heart related
critical illness, then
they can take the option of Cancer Plus Cardiac. In this,
all the diseases related to cancer and cardiac, the
surgeries or treatments which are written in this policy,
you will get the sum assured in case of any of those diseases. There are
riders under Cancer Rider. You are required to take three riders
and the names of those three riders are: The first one is
Cancer Restore Rider. If you have
taken Cancer Restore Rider, it will be very useful for you.
If once you have cancer, then after
3 years,
you can use the sum shot of 50% off cancer.
If you have not taken Restore Rider, then you will never
get any cancer related claim again. This is the first thing. The second rider is
Surgical Major Surgical, in which there are 106
such surgeries, the sum assured of which is Rs.  The shots
will be different and you will also get cover in it which is
very reasonable and good pricing. You will get
small pricing. And the third
is accident rider which you should take.
You will get lump sum money separately in accidental as well.
Whatever sum you decide,
then taking it along with the riders will be very useful for you.
I talked about cancer. Let me
talk about the second option
which is called cardiac care.
Within cardiac care also you have 21 such critical
illness diseases which will be covered in which there are 10
major diseases and 11 minor diseases. If there is a
minor disease then you will get 25%, if there is a major disease then the
rest will get 75% or 100% immediate. I am
telling you the third option if you
take it by clubbing.
What does it mean to take it by clubbing? If you take both the options, if you
take cancer and cardiac, even then the
premium is cheaper than the market. If there is a
critical illness in either of the two,
you will get lump sum money. Believe me,
which I recommend.  Which is comprehensive?
Comprehensive cover in which all
types of 92 critical illnesses which
are listed will be covered for you.
You will get 25% for minor and 100% for major. There will be an
initial waiting period of 90 days.
You have to take it with all the three add-on riders
and if any medical test etc. is triggered then
you have to get it done.
This plan is for healthy people, keep this in mind.
Talking about the premium, the premium here
is the cheapest in the entire market. It is genuine. It is
very cheap for self cancer.
Apart from cancer, if you take cardiac, it will be even cheaper. If you take
cancer plus cardiac, it is also
not very expensive. And if you take comprehensive,
because everything is covered,
you will get a little competitive pricing and it is
genuinely useful for you and your family. You should
buy a critical illness plan for yourself today. We
provide this plan on all over India basis. I want to
give you a chance to serve us once.
You can
whatsapp me 2 Shield Plan ICC Lombard.
I genuinely help you.  I will
properly guide you in choosing the right policy.
Hello, your friend Yogendra
Verma